Hotfix 22.06 release for Pin Cuda Python Packages (#279)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rgn0028.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS General Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rgn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 28 # should match notice number
notice_pin: false # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "22.06 Hotfix for `cuda-python` Package"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: Completed
notice_status_color: green
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Release Change
notice_rapids_version: "v22.06"
notice_created: 2022-07-07
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2022-07-07
---

## Overview

> The `cuda-python` package dependency specification was pinned to a maximum version of `11.7.0` for several RAPIDS libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS v22.06 was hotfixed to pin the `cuda-python` package dependency to a maximum version of `11.7.0` for several RAPIDS libraries.
```

## Rationale

> `cuda-python` version `11.7.1` was recently released, which switched its dependency on the [cudatoolkit](https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cudatoolkit) package to the [cuda-toolkit](https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cuda-toolkit) package. This dependency change had unintended consequences for several RAPIDS libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cuda-python` version `11.7.1` was recently released, which switched its dependency on the [cudatoolkit](https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cudatoolkit) package to the [cuda-toolkit](https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cuda-toolkit) package. This dependency change had unintended consequences for several RAPIDS libraries, including blocking installation for some users.
```

## Impact

> All users are recommended to use the latest `22.06.xx` version of all RAPIDS libraries.

Reviewer: Need to update the version number--believe this is only 22.06 hotfix to date, so should be 22.06.01.

Author: updated version to 22.06.01
